# Artificial Intelligence for Food Truck Management System

Open Food Facts is a free, open, collaborative database of food products from around the world for the ovo-lacto flexitarian diet. The VSD Fleet Management System on ERPNext. Fleet Management Blueprint is a close to real-life showcase for truck fleet management. VRKitchen is an Interactive 3D environment for learning real life cooking tasks. The MUHAI VR Kitchen is a virtual reality (VR) environment for interacting with a visual representation of a robotic cooking assistant. POS Restaurant is a Restaurant Management System for ERPNext. VR Cooking Simulator Application. The Agentic Recipe Assistant is an AI-powered solution. VRChef is a Unity based cooking simulation. Food_Truck is a web-based Food Truck Management System enabling customers to locate nearby food trucks, view menus, and place online orders. Includes GPS tracking, secure payments, and an admin dashboard for managing orders, menus, and sales analytics—enhancing efficiency and customer experience. URY is an open source ERP designed to simplify and streamline restaurant operations. metasfresh is a responsive, Free and Open Source ERP System. Openbravo Java POS is a point of sale application. Floreant POS Opensource Enterprise Grade Restaurant POS application for QSR, Casual Dine-In, Fine Dine-In, Cafe and Retail. TastyIgniter A powerful and user-friendly system offering online ordering, table reservations, and restaurant management features. It supports multiple locations, menu customization, and reporting, making it suitable for both small cafes and large restaurant chains. PizzaQL is a modern OSS order management system for pizza restaurants. Enatega is a fully customizable and scalable delivery management system that supports multiple business models and service verticals. It allows you to launch and manage your own ordering and logistics platform for food, groceries, home services, courier delivery, and much more. OpenRemote is an intuitive user-friendly 100% open source IoT platform

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

